---
layout: post
title: Project Phases
---
Idea phase:
---------------

The idea creation phase was the first phase we went through while completing our project. This phase involved idea generation and brainstorming. We held multiple meetings over the course of three weeks to come up with our final idea. We originally decided on an idea that involved linking start-up companies to investors using a social network. We then met with our lecturer Cathal Gurrin to ask for advice. He liked our idea but gave us additional feedback and suggestions asking about potential blockchain involvement. After further meetings together, we came up with ICOHub, which blended our original idea with blockchain technology. This phase was the shortest phase lasting just four weeks, but it was where we developed our initial idea and began to plan our project.

Proposal Phase:
---------------

This phase is where set our idea in stone and proposed our idea to two of our lecturers Markus Helfert and Cathal Gurrin. During this phase we developed a short proposal document which included the following.

•	Project description: Including an overview of our initial idea.
•	Expected technical delivery.
•	Market rational.
•	Proposed timeline.

Our project was approved, and we were then able to begin working on our overall delivery.

Business Development phase:
---------------

This phase was completed in conjunction with the module CA4102 High-Tech. Innovation & Entrepreneurship delivered by Markus Helfert. This phase lasted from September to January and involved creating two documents, A full business plan and a mid term delivery document.

•	Business Plan: This was developed for CA4102 but contained nearly all the information we needed for our business delivery. We developed a full business plan to Enterprise Ireland standards including information such as three-year budget and market analysis.

•	Mid-Term Delivery: This included a full plan of our technical delivery and highlighted research from our business plan.


Technical Delivery Phase:
---------------

This phase was fully focused on two key areas, developing the technical prototype and writing the technical documentation to supplement the prototype. During this phase we developed our front end and back end prototype and documented the whole process.


Final delivery phase:
---------------

The final delivery involves combining the technical document and the business plan into one coherent report. A presentation was also developed to present to our assessors.
